1;1;1;The National Anthem;Princess Susannah, a British royal family member, is kidnapped. For her return, the kidnapper demands that the prime minister, Michael Callow, have sex with a pig on live television.
2;2;1;Fifteen Million Merits;Bing lives in a society where the majority of people ride stationary bikes in exchange for "merits", a currency used to buy essentials and virtual entertainment.
3;3;1;The Entire History of You;With the implantation of a device called a "grain" behind their ear, people can replay their memories through their eyes or on a screen.
4;1;2;Be Right Back;Martha's boyfriend Ash is killed while returning a hire van, the day after they move into a new house in the countryside. Martha learns she is pregnant and tests a service that her friend signed her up to: by aggregating Ash's many social media posts and online communications, an artificial intelligence (AI) imitation of Ash is created.
5;2;2;White Bear;A woman wakes up in a house with amnesia. People on the street record her but do not speak. After being chased by a masked man, she flees and meets Jem, another woman hiding from those known as "hunters".
6;3;2;The Waldo Moment;Jamie Salter controls a computer-animated bear named Waldo on a satirical show. Waldo pranks politicians by asking vulgar questions in interviews. After interviewing the Conservative Liam Munroe, Waldo is entered for a by-election in a Conservative safe seat where Munroe is standing.
7;1;3;Nosedive;Using eye implants and mobile devices, people rate all of their social interactions on a five-star scale. These ratings form a person's overall rating, which affects their socioeconomic status. Lacie, rated 4.2, is keen to reach 4.5 to afford a better apartment.
8;2;3;Playtest;After Cooper's father dies, Cooper travels the world and avoids his mother's calls. He spends a night with Sonja in London and, after being victim to identity theft, finds a paid offer to playtest an experimental game.
9;3;3;Shut Up and Dance;A hacker records Kenny masturbating via his webcam and threatens to release it unless he follows their instructions. Kenny picks up a cake from another blackmailed individual and takes it to a hotel room where Hector was waiting to commit adultery with a sex worker.
10;4;3;San Junipero;In 1987, the shy Yorkie meets the outgoing Kelly in a beach resort town named San Junipero. The next week, the pair meet again and have sex. Yorkie struggles to find Kelly afterwards, until a man suggests looking in a different time.
11;5;3;Men Against Fire;Soldiers are exterminating mutated humans called "roaches" in a foreign country with the help of MASS, an augmented reality implant which gives them data. Stripe encounters his first group of roaches and kills two of them, but one uses a strange device that interferes with his MASS interface.
12;6;3;Hated in the Nation;To counteract near-extinction of bees, Granular has developed robotic bees called "Autonomous Drone Insects" (ADIs).
13;1;4;USS Callister;Callister Inc. produces the multiplayer game Infinity, with James Walton as CEO and Robert Daly, the brains behind the game, as the little-recognised CTO. Robert has created a version of the game modelled after his favourite series, where the characters—the crew of the starship USS Callister—are sentient clones of his co-workers.
14;2;4;Arkangel;Marie briefly loses her three-year-old daughter Sara and decides to have her implanted with the Arkangel system, whereby Marie can track Sara's vision, hearing and health via a tablet computer.
15;3;4;Crocodile;Rob hits a cyclist on a mountain road, killing him
16;4;4;Hang the DJ;Frank and Amy use an electronic device called "Coach" which chooses their relationship partners and durations. Coach will eventually assign them lifelong partners, with a 99.8% success rate. They are matched for 12 hours, and then each given a match lasting several months.
17;5;4;Metalhead;The episode is filmed in black and white. Bella journeys to a warehouse with Anthony and Clarke. A robotic guard known as a "dog" kills Anthony and chases the others as they drive away in separate cars.
18;6;4;Black Museum;Nish visits the Black Museum run by Rolo Haynes. He previously recruited people for experimental medical technology. One technology allowed Dr. Peter Dawson to feel the physical sensations of his patients to make diagnoses, but he began enjoying pain and was rendered comatose after killing a homeless man and experiencing his death.
19;1;5;Striking Vipers;Danny hosts a birthday party with his wife Theo. His old friend Karl introduces him to the latest Striking Vipers game, as they used to play them together. It is a fighting game, now experienced in virtual reality.
20;2;5;Smithereens;At group therapy, Chris meets Hayley, whose daughter died by suicide. He has sex with her and watches her make her daily three attempts to log into her daughter's account on Persona.
21;3;5;Rachel, Jack and Ashley Too; Rachel and Jack live with their father, who is working on a mousetrap alternative. For her fifteenth birthday, Rachel gets an AI toy, Ashley Too, based on the pop star Ashley O. She dances to an Ashley O song at a school talent competition, but falls and leaves embarrassed. Meanwhile, Ashley O is beginning to rebel against Catherine—her controlling manager and aunt.
